# 2023-08-17

Attendees:
- Laura Ascenzi
- Alexandra Araujo Alvarez
- Anne Lee Steele

Apologies: 
- Tania
- Mariela
- Patricia

## Pre-meeting notes shared
* Pending agenda / pre-meeting share-out: 
* Reviewing Github organisation: https://github.com/the-turing-way/accessibility-working-group
* LH+AAA: Sharing status of grant application to support accessibility work
    * https://www.openandequitable.org/seed-awards
* ALS: Archived notes in this PR - https://github.com/the-turing-way/accessibility-working-group/pull/2 
    * Project board for team: https://github.com/orgs/the-turing-way/projects/2/views/1 
* ALS: Question for group about process/planning for Autumn 2023: 
* Project Board & meeting notes: Ongoing projects of the group - how should we keep track of progress? What do we want to prioritise?
* Book Dash projects & ideas for this group: finishing a draft of the accessibility policy by the November 2023 Book Dash?
* Reviewing Metadocencia's policies

## Meeting notes

Attendees: 
- Liz
- Anne
- Alex
- Patricia
- Mariela

* "My zoom is as unstable as politics right now"
* Sharing updates related to the grant application
* AAA: Need to do more documentation related to this work for other working groups to be able to apply for funding. Have a request that we will need to write about organisations that will benefit from this work - particularly minority-serving institutions in the US
* LH: Need to be in the list or suggest that they are associated with 'minority-serving institutions in the US': https://cmsi.gse.rutgers.edu/sites/default/files/2022%20MSI%20List.pdf 
* LA: Will this only be in the context of Book Dash or otherwise?
* LH: We have decided that this particular grant will cover the drafting of an Accessibility Policy in association with planning the Book Dash.
* ALS: Should we just have institutions on the list? Would contacts at the British Library work as well?
* LH: Would be ideal that we have people particularly at minority-serving institutions, but didn't want to expand to ones that would compete with international grant programmes. All 50 people don't have to be. 
* AAA: We're going to have a diverse set of people
* Book Dash - how do we want to collaborate?
* ALS: Do we want to collaborate together at Book Dash? We wanted to have an accessibility policy by book dash, but is there another collaboration we want to have?
* LA: We've been thinking the same thing here. We've been thinking that we can apply to do this work and collaborate more closely during the Book Dash? We can keep on polishing our own work to have an MVP, to have a first version of a bigger guide. 
* LH (text): Great idea!
* PL: I agree. I'm not clear about our collaboration in the Book Dash. We have to review, we have to show our work. 
* LH: We can use that as options for thinking & talking together, and we can use that for coworking as well.
* AAA: Book dash dates are 13-17 November. People can have individual objectives but there can be some mix of both. 
* ALS: People tend to work on the same project over multiple book dashes also
* LH: I use that week to schedule time on my projects alone
* LA: You mentioned a workshop for the grant, is that a different thing?
* LH: I think it would be one event during the Book Dash week where I would (with others) about how these people from different institutions can benefit from TTW and accessibility work
* ALS: Would this have to be during the Book Dash week, and open for Book Dash participants? It is similar to previous VU Amsterdam Data Conversation.
* LH: People are definitely able to engage from other organisations too.
* LA: It would be great to see accessibility live in an event, to see this meta-knowledge in real time. We don't have much experience in running events, will be useful for MVP. 
* ALS: Will send email to LA, PL, MR with LH in CC about the Book Dash. Will be asking about participating 
* LA: Will be asking about Ivan from the Metadocencia team to join, but the language barrier is the problem.
* LH: Happy to engage in Spanish as well. 
* ALS: We want to be able to come to the middle to, in whichever way might be
* LA: Can we have an accessibility guide bi-lingually across teams? It was a dream? 
* LH: Can an accessibility guide be developed in Spanish first? And then be reverse translated into English?
* LA: We only have 1 month right? 
* LH: First day of meeting in November is during the Book Dash. 
* ALS: We can use the next meeting for planning our Book Dash Contributions

## Next steps
* ALS: Will send more information about Book Dash ASAP!
* LA+PL+MR: Will be working on Metadocencia's goals
* AAA+LH: perhaps sharing more information about the grant, due by 15 September.