# 2023-07-10

Attendees: Mariela Rajngewerc, Liz Hare (@LizHareDogs), Sophia Batchelor (@BrainonSilicon), Anne Lee Steele (@aleesteele)

## Intros
- Mariela: Joining from Metadocencia, part of small team of folks from team working on accessibility, interested in translating materials that 
- Liz: When I got involved with the ManyDogs project, I found The Turing Way to be a valuable resource for open science-related things, thinks that TTW can be a resource for many things (& a starting point for many people). Gerat to
- Sophia: Working around HCI & how people use technology, excited to learn from this group, and make things accessible from a design & development stand-up

## How has TTW been working on accessibility-related topics so far?
- Policies: Developing an accessibility.md (accessibility policy), currently being drafted on [Github](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/3146/files)
- Guidelines: Chapter draft around [accessibility and events](https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/ttw-etherpad), [github issue](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/3075)
- Chapters: [Proposal for new guide for Accessibility](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/2730), [Alt text for data visualisations](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/2630)

## How do we want these meetings to be organised? How do we want these spaces to be used?
- SB: Can we split between working sessions & people working on a specific topic, 
- LH: Discussion and coworking can be a lot (and might be a longer meeting)
- ALS: Having break-out rooms & meeting time? Can we change the meeting time?

## Meeting logistics (deciding together):
- 2nd Monday of every month: verbal meeting & discussion
- 4th Monday of every month: coworking time? (in the future)
- Currently: coworking time on accessibility.md file!

## What does Metadocencia do around accessibility right now?
- MR: Is the learning material itself accessible? Making some blogs about how to make an event, and to start making accessible slides. Example: https://www.metadocencia.org/en/post/accessibility_profiles/
- LH: do you have a process for reviewing accessibility? checklist? or only based on feedback?
- ALS: SB asked a question around enforcement and accountability
- LH: Related to CoC, for example getting conference attendees to agree to accessibility policy when they submit abstract for talk
- SB: How would we address the case where people might develop a resource or topic for TTW that might now be accessible by default, what do we do? Only researchers attend our AIM-RSF talks now that used to be general-audience? Who does the labor of accessibility?
- LH: In the TTW, there would definitely want to be able have that written work in support.
- ALS: I think we're asking two different questions around accessibility: How do we define accessibility in the first place? Two is how do we operationalise accessibility with the TTW community more broadly and supporting this kind of infrastructure needed to be able to make this work happen more broadly?
- LH: Can we encourage authors to write their own alt-text? We [can't] require it, but we can create an environment where people feel comfortable? 
- ALS: Do we police this kind of behaviour? 
- LH: We should! Who has the the responsibility of doing this work? The TTW is so collaborative, so there should be 
- ALS: What's the relationship with formalisation MR & SB? 
- LH: Formalisation is good! It holds people accountable?
- MR: We have the Accessibility Profiles that we are developing, but we also don't have a formalisation process so far
- SB: ALS can you rephrase?
- ALS: In thinking through Accessibility, what should be formalised and what should not?
- SB: I work with [AutSPACES](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutSPACEs), and we were working around cognitive load in making materials accessible... we worked with colorblindedness & padding, and went through web accessibility guidelines? Can we think about pages being much more widely accessible?

## What are we going to do next?
- MR: Bringing more background information, links, foci from Metadocencia (with reading on Accessibility policy)
- SB: Bringing more background information, links, foci from AutSPACES
- LH: Outlining text about alt-text, but I think the policy is more important, focused on both alt-text for data viz as well as accessibility policy
- ALS: All are invited to coworking on accessibility policy; LH + ALS will present more concentrated work at next meeting

## Link list
Accessibility talk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARMs7C_wE04&t=344s
Accessibility for events draft: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/ttw-etherpad
Accessibility guide proposal: 
Proposing a discussion on Accessibility in Data Science - potential for new chapters? guide? the-turing-way #2730
Accessibility policy for community: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/3146/files
Accessibility profiles from Metadocencia: https://www.metadocencia.org/en/post/accessibility_profiles/
AutSPACES: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutSPACEs
Slack policies (have elements of accessibility): https://hackmd.io/@turingway/ttw-slack-intro

## Archived discussion from Github
From TA (https://github.com/the-turing-way/accessibility-working-group/discussions/1)
Sorry I missed this. I will have a couple of conflicts as I have training sessions now on Monday.

Since there seems to be a lot of discussion points around accountability and accessibility in collective resources I want to share our accessibility checklist for content based PRs at Quansight. Quansight/Quansight-website#748

We have flavours of this checklist in some of our open source projects (see nebari-dev/nebari-docs#335) and also internally for events, meeting notes, slides (we have created templates with good accessibility affordances so folks can use for presentations), data visualization (we have a design system that is being made into a Python package).

A lot of this accountability works two ways - we train people, collate resources and work on tooling and materials with already good accessibility affordances so folks have a good starting point.
Having the accessibility checklist within our PRs has also helped a lot with education and to signal that we as an organisation or community have standards and expectations around accessibility. And that we are all responsible for observing such standards, because for us creating accessible resources is as important as creating technically accurate or interesting content.
Another example, pdfs such as our annual report not only go through writing, design, and editorial work, but we do accessibility checks during all these phases as well as at signing off and everyone is responsible for the accessibility within their area and function.

It has taken us a while to get here, our journey has been progressive and iterative, and a lot of this has been as I said educational or grassroots advocacy, but it is worth it.
We now have accessibility docs, policies, and processes that we observe on everything we do and we keep expanding but the single greatest game changer has been constantly reminding folks that everyone is responsible for the accessibility of the resources we create not a couple of folks, everyone.