2023-12-04

Attendees:
- Liz
- Anne
- Patricia

Apologies: 
- Alex (sorry it overlaps with another responsibility)

Notes
- Moving notes infrastructure - from sfconvervancy to same instance used during Book Dash
- ALS: Met with Turing Commons team about moving dates for collaboration and work for 2024.
- LH: Glad that they are moving.
- ALS: Does our meeting structure help us to get work done? They happen on a monthly basis but we have all sorts of projects coming up.
- LH: Yes - didn't do anything in between Book Dash and now.
- PL: [Arrived - audio not working ]
- PL: I had to drop off in the last meeting. Today I was reading the notes about the last part of the meeting.
- LH: Will review Sophia's work. She has a draft of new landing page. We talked about coming up with outline that puts her term 'lived experience' in context of medical research in a subsection. It will be a challenge because there are more general resources as well. Moving things around and changing language. Had more of an impression from the meeting that she was up for collaboration.
- ALS: Yes  - going back to the point before, maybe our workflow and meeting schedule isn't equipping us to do this?
- LH: How do we work together that works for everybody, including people who aren't here right now (i.e. Sophia, Jesica). There's an option for organising an "accessibility dash". There's another option like having a Collaboration Cafe or full-day event style. 
- PL: In theory, I like the idea of Liz. I think I should be able to meet once a month. This works well for me. I really like the format of the Book Dash, maybe we can work primarily asynchronous, and then work sometimes on synchronous. Maybe we can focus on goals for the new year. Review of general recommendations. For me it's easier to have the clear goals. It's easier to work in this way. 
- LH: There definitely has to be an asynchronous method, to review. To be able to talk things through is also important. 
- ALS: We could use the Collaboration Cafe already to use that to work on it?
- PL: I like that. 
- LH: I think that's a good, flexible way to ask.
- ALS: Yes - what do we want to prioritise this? Do we want to go on a month by month basis?
- PL: I like the idea of having one meeting, and use the collaboration cafe to do the work, elaborate a draft and other things like that. What do you think liz?
- LH: I agree. I'm just thinking about the strategy of how to prioritise.
- LH: People should also work according to their interests. I can also work on the accessibility chapter this month when other people will be off. 
- Reviewing 2023. Priorities for first half of the year (2024)?
- Planning for 2024: https://github.com/the-turing-way/accessibility-working-group/issues/7