# 17-08-2023

Attendees: LH, ALS (coworking on accessibility policy)

* ALS: Reflecting on remote collaboration & introversion and this slack post today. 
* LH: I actually really like collaboration in real time: 
* Open and equitable seed awards: https://www.openandequitable.org/seed-awards
* Access computing: https://www.washington.edu/accesscomputing/apply-accesscomputing-minigrant
* ALS: What are our reflections on other policies?
* LH: There are lots of policies that focus on aims, but there. A lot of people who have disabilities might be able to tell you what's wrong with your website, but they might not have the resources or training to do something about it! 
* ALS: Yes, there's a lot of narrative policy in setting the policy that gives us the language to engage with with access-related questions
* LH: Yes, they set an expectation of how to engage.
* AAA: Creating an exception for enabling Liz to apply for funding. Funder wants to understand what communities will benefit from you being a part of the community and with the Book Dash. Can you write a paragraph of what you bring to the table Liz about applying for the grant?
* LH: When you're talking about validation or colleagues of 10-15 people?
* AAA: The group wants to make sure they can keep track of the funding to different people with different backgrounds, so we'll have to give them some evidence beforehand and in advance.
* LH: I have people that I could recommend, but will have to think on it. 
* AAA: Will be good for networking and resources for you as well. This funding can start with TTW, but can be used for other projects in the future.
* ALS: What will the book dash do for this application?
* AAA: Liz will set the standard for how we engage with grants. Two hours per week from beginning of September. Will send an update.
* LH: Can the funding be applied for the accessibility policy as well?
* ALS: Is the deadline for the accessibility policy for Book Dash?
* AAA: Funded activities should take place before August 1, 2024.
* ALS: Timeline for funding?
* AAA: By Monday, I will send spreadsheet of estimated duties for Book Dash. LH will send information
* ALS: Do we want to make github repositories for each working group or a single folder with all information? Maybe this is a question for the core team meeting? 
* AAA: Good question. Maybe this should be something that is asked in the Core Team Meeting in the autumn? Important that we phrase what is happening here for other working groups to be able to support other people. This funding can be important for fielding that support for other people and sharing that information. We can support applications 
* ALS: I will add LH to core team channels, calendar invites, and otherwise. 
* ALS: Reviewing the policy - asking people questions.
* AAA: More practical in the community handbook, and more about the 'why' in the policy. If I want to do a book dash, I want to go to the handbook. But if I want to learn about the why, then I would check the policy.
* LH: Hadn't thought about that! This relationship between the community handbook and the policy
* ALS: I will bring a framework for how we divide it out to next meeting.