# 2023-08-04

Attendees: MR, LH, ALS

## Pre-meeting notes shared
* Update: move to Github Organisation!!
    * https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way
    * https://github.com/TWTranslation
    * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoJe8Q4jaGg
* Today we'll be focused more on meta-practices - i.e. how to organise ourselves, given our new github organisation – and think about suggestions for accessibility for the infrastructure working group as they think through the repository (and how it might be split off into more spaces!). 

## Meeting notes
* ALS: How did you interact with the TTW repository?
* MR: It was clear for me. Read a bit the policies and prepared information.
* ALS: Was it clear how we might make our organisation more clear for people?
* MR: Always went to the links that were very orientated. I don't know if someone arrives to the Github. Went to look for specific issues, and I worked previously with Github. I kknew how to search, but might not be the case with all my colleagues 
* ALS: Are there Github repositories you look towards? Have you contributed to Github in the past?
* MR: We use Github at MetaDocencia. use the command line basically, sometimes merge. That's my experience, the people in Metadocencia. We use it very basically, we upload or change or edit. Sometime s some people come from computer science, so they know a bit more. Ivan comes from law - he doesn't interact with Github. For him, it's difficult in that he doesnt' speak Github. He doesn't speak English, so the comments are everything and its so new for him. That's more complicated. We don't use it !
* MR: When we work with him, we use Google Drive.
* ALS: Hugely important question, as it ties to how we engage with disciplines, i.e. people who work on ethics or law but don't have experience in . I love using the command line (i feel like a hacker!), but it's not the most accessible.
* LH: The transition is great. The possibility of organising in different repositories will be potentally cognitively easier, but the idea of building this accessibility chapter and how to add the content to it. There are so many levels, and it's kind of confusing, and I have to reorient myself each time. Having multiple repositories for each guide could be good - i.e. having a separate repo for the accessibility guide, until we're ready to bring it back. Maybe translating the training in different languages.
* LH: Enhanced transcript for screen-readers for videos that have descriptions of what to do - step-by-step guides on how to use Github. 
* MR: My colleague would also benefit from having this
* LH: When I apply for things, The Turing Way 
* Github policies - Accessibility policies: https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/ttw-etherpad
* MR: started to do research around accessibility policies. Have a proposal policy to think about the policy. A group of people are going to be working in OLS to work on governance. They are going to go deeper in this talking about their policies. 
* MR: They are general ideas, but realised how to think through the details of how Metadocencia is thinking about its policies.
* ALS: what was the process?
* MR: Sharing two documents
    * Política de accessibilidad: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-0TAnn4ZEUsURQ8ZZXNQLj4FGtAjOt1p9u5S3Lcp1V0/edit
    * Materiales de accessibilidad: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qjFjfCbo2m19RDsbZzytLICtXN_BhYo4OfmPybwZOmk/edit#heading=h.2vusdvfoao6t
* ALS: Can we help with this process? Translation or otherwise? Do you want to upload them anywhere in the TTW?
* LH: Important to recognise that document's are Metadocencía's. 
* MR: What do you think so? 
* LH: The importance of recognition. 
* ALS: Could be colonial implications? 
* MR: Would have to check with wider team.
* LH: If there's anything we could do to give you credit or support, I hope you would be welcome to tell us. 
* ALS: We build the world we want!

## Planning for next meeting: 
* Attendees: Liz, Mariela, Laurel, 
* Next things
    * Updates for our accessibility policy 
    * Reviewing the documents that MR shared
    * Async discussions on how we organise between ourselves
* ALS: archiving notes