# 2023-05-30
Attendees: LH, AST, LH, AAA, LA, ALS
Apologies: N/A

## Discussions
- Updates about the Book dash
- Set up a day or 2 a month to meet
-  Once a month, the 3rd Thursday 17:00 UK time, Ale will liase with Liz, Anne, Laurel and Andrea to find the right time. Decision will be made asynchronously (with Metadocencia teams)
- 1 strategy meeting a month, 1 coworking? - 2nd wednesday or Thursday (?)
- Discussions around how we do the WG: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/discussions/3076
- Proposed guide for accessibility: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/2730
- Need to slow down existing work to ensure we can move more carefully & mindfully
- Metadocencia: experts from team invited with lived experiences
- Accessibility.md: proposing our own proposals as a community - https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/3145
- Book Dash Accessibility - improvement from 2022?
- Feedback from Book Dash? https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/ttw-etherpad
- Funding / Resources
- Consultancy + Funding for Liz? Can we get that?
- Liz Jackson has a consulting company - https://www.core77.com/posts/89571/Liz-Jackson-Doesnt-Want-Design-for-Disability%E2%80%94She-Wants-Disabled-People-to-Be-Part-of-Designing-Better-Products
- Foundations of WG
- Andrea & Liz were a part of the useR! Conference, and wrote this paper about their practices: https://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371/journal.pcbi.1010164

## Notes from previous discussions:
- https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/ttw-accessibility-notes
- UseR! Knowledge base: https://rconf.gitlab.io/userknowledgebase/main/
- Carpentries: https://carpentries.org/governance/

## Projects for WG
- Glossary of Terms
- Proposed Guide for Accessibility - 
- Accessibility policy for Github (Accessibility.md)
-  Fireside Chat - in 2023?

## Actions
- AAA: finding meeting time that works, and posting into the issue 
- ALS: finishing a rough accessibility.md (more definitions - less legal compliance!)... Will create working time for the next month to work on ACCESSIBILITY.md file (while we plan for recurring team meeting)
- LA: inviting Metadocencia team members
- AST: starting a new job!! 
- LH: Share your resources & people you know who can be consulted, will be available for consultation in coming weeks