2023-10-09:

Attendees:
- Alex
- Anne
- Sophia
- Laurel
- Mariela
- Patricia

Apologies
- Tania

Pending agenda / pre-meeting share-out:
- Updates on the grant proposal (Alex, Liz)
- Shared update about ORSF Funds. Have not been successful in funding bid.
- MS asking for feedback on the process, shared that the funding was out of scope for the project.
- They are opening up a new call at the end of the year - which could possibly be a new call.https://www.openandequitable.org/seed-awards: the call opens up on 30 October and the deadline is on 15 October
- If anyone here has any funding calls that would be used for accessibility!
- Turing Commons team has asked about planning a workshop about accessibility - related or not to Book Dash (& can fund people!)
- ALS will follow-up right after meeting
- Liz Hare will be in planning committee but not doing extra work related to planning a workshop
- Book Dash planning for WG - collaboration with Metadocencia and TTW
- Feedback is about making sure that we have time & scope to work on the projects we would like
- Ideas for projects for Book Dash projects
- Accessible meetings, events, classes: giving guidance and feedback?
- Metadocencia: translating the resources that they have already written?
- Adding our materials to our Community Handbook?
- Adding a landing page for our new guide for Accessibility?
- Working on practices and rules above the theory of how we operate?
- UX Accessibility - also a great idea of a chapter
- Minimum requirements for making an event accessible - minimum checklist
- We would be working on the Collab Cafe on the structure of the accessibility objective ---> most of the team can't make it on 18 October, we will agree through Slack if the meeting is on 26 or 27 October.
- Creating outline for planning our contributions and objectives
- Meeting on the 26th or 27th - better to meet on a bit earlier on Wednesday

Sophia sharing chapter she's working on
- https://github.com/the-turing-way/the-turing-way/issues/3307

References from Metadocencia
- https://www.metadocencia.org/post/presentaciones-accesibles/
- https://www.metadocencia.org/post/accesibilidad_1/
- https://www.metadocencia.org/en/post/perfiles_accesibilidad/

(If time) Reviewing updated draft for Accessibility policy

Next steps
- By Wed, 11 Oct - will send reminder for planning a time!
- How do we think about trust-building? Miro was used. Screensharing was used. --- issues: they change constantly. Within the team? Within the project more broadly?
