2024-01-08

Attendees:
- Sophia
- Anne
- Liz

Apologies: 
- Alexandra
- Patricia
- Jesica
- Laurel

Notes (topics shared before meeting):
- Holiday checkins (discussed hygge)
- Logistics: 
    - New cadence of working meetings (monthly for planning, collab cafe for coworking, Q1 is a trial!) We'll revisit in April.
    - SB: I like the quarterly check-in idea, like seasonal changes.
    - ALS: Will create framapad and archive notes.    
        - archive: https://github.com/the-turing-way/accessibility-working-group/tree/main/meeting-notes
    - Alerting email + slack email -- will check with Laurel & Patricia next month
    - Calendar: Liz putting in manually, Sophia has slack + calendar
    - Where to find the zoom links???!!! (ALS: bane of my existence!)
- Inclusive events chapter: planning the review process
    - Reviewing notes from last meeting: https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/accessibility-wg-discussion. Has anything changed since our last discussion in November?
        - SB: For me, no. After the chat, the pressure has been removed from scope of job requirements. I've put everything on a single branch, and put everything in a google doc. Doing a first re-read, made some improvements primarily to the phrasing?
        - LH: Not a lot has changed with respect to this document, but I had a thought about adding something to our policy, 'who are we doing this for' and 'who is disabled'. Sometimes, we're used to thinking about it in a clinical way or in a legal way. In the US, you need to have your disability documented, and there are specific metrics. I think it would be good if we could say that those things are not really what are guiding us and our policies and practices, as disability is a spectrum. 
        - ALS: This aligns with something you both brought up in November. SB I think you'd mentioned that people you work with don't qualify for legal definitions? Is self-identification enough? 
        - SB: It comes down to personal experience of exclusion as well, because experience of exclusion may be individualised. There's a lot of discussion about self-diagnosis in the autism community.
        - LH: Yeah, also about expensive health care and being excluded. People shouldn't have to self-identify anyway, but they shouldn't have to meet some criteria that the font should be big enough.
        - SB: I think is part of the reason why we lean so heavily on the phrase 'people with lived experience'. 
        - LH: That was something that percolated to the top?
    - How do we want to re-read/review the chapter? (What are your needs for reviewing & re-reading?) At a structural level? Regarding specific points around language?
        - ALS: I need to look at it all on the big level! I need to see it all in one document!
        - LH: I was wondering how to get started, and how to see it all in one document. Each page has relatively little information, so I'm constantly clicking 'next, next'.
        - SB: Asking a question, how difficult is it to navigate Google Docs?
        - LH: Google docs mean download and read it on a separate application.
        - SB: How are the notes?
        - LH: Not going to be navigatable on a mac
        - SB: Reviewing process. A lot of different types of sentences - to choose one that might have better options?
        - LH: Do you work in Markdown?
        - ALS: Do we want to start with a structural edit/suggestion? 
        - SB: The structural changes are a brainstorming space, and are less effective asynchronously. For example, the 'power dynamics' section.
        - LH: Yes, there are many different types of power dynamics, like 'power dynamics' between a disabled researcher and their boss.
        - SB: Yes, at the last Collab Cafe: what information does everyone needs to have an understanding of in order to navigate the atrium? How do we handhold people through topics like intersectionality, and more?
        - LH: Some of the content can be left to the wider accessibility guide. So some of the definitions have to be pretty basic, because people in general are pretty ignorant about sensory practices. What assumptions do we make of the audience? How can we be respectful. How do we need/want to restructure? What needs to be restructured? I like the idea of the atrium, because at the floor you can access different needs in different rooms. Getting people to acknowledge that they're taking in information on two channels. You don't necessarily get all the meaning when you're just getting one of the channels in the ways that things are usually organised.
        - SB: One I'm glad you use that metaphor. 
        - LH: We're at the hotel, where's the restaurant?
        - SB: The quote: "do not attribute to malice what can be attributed to ignorance"? Who are the personas (some of those people)?
        - ALS: Let's keep an ongoing list of chapter questions to discuss in real time, and notes about the changes we'd like to make.
        - LH: Yes, gives me an opportunity 
        - ALS: Made it! https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-inclusive-events-notes
- What does completed look like? (How can we not let perfect get in the way of the good?)
    - LH: TTW is never complete, so I have no idea!
    - SB: We have a section that can be wrapped up which is the "Guide for Speakers/Moderators" that needs to be lifted from its current location and moved into its own section.
    - LH: One way to limit is say 'no more writing'?
    - LH & ALS: LOL. 
    - LH: Adding a further explanatory, putting a moritorium. Guide for facilitators, moderators. 
    - ALS: Don't lose the forest for the trees you two!!
- What are the roles and resources that we can step in to? (Who is accountable for what?)
    - LH: I think we all want to read through!
    - ALS: Making framapad and uploading notes